Dierdre: I need to speak
to the person
who is assigned
to my daughter's file.
She thinks she has harmed
someone with her mind.
Rowan: If I knew
who my parents were,
maybe I would understand
what happened.
Billy: It's just hard to believe
this is my patient.
They don't like it
when her shot is late.
Woman: I told you not to
encourage him.
Girl: Uncle Cortland. And
such a delightful surprise.
Lasher: That baby's coming.
She will change your life
forever.
[Screaming] Carlotta!
Carlotta: This baby can never
ever know who she is.
Who is going to
keep my daughter safe?
I will keep your daughter safe.
[groans, coughs]
[goat bleats]
- [coughing, sobbing]
- [speaking indistinctly]
Shh. Hush now.
[light music]
[chickens clucking]
[goat bleats]
♪
[birds calling]
[ominous music]
♪
Elderberry.
Pennyroyal.
Hawthorn.
Lady's Mantle.
Burdock.
[moans, chuckles]
Salvia.
[groaning]
[groans]
[crows cawing]
♪
[voices whispering "Suzanne"]
[choir singing indistinctly]
♪
[touch tones beeping]
[line trills]
- South Bay Adoption Agency.
- Hello. Hi.
I was hoping to speak
to someone about an adoption.
- Are you a prospective parent?
- No, uh, it's actually...
It's about my own adoption.
My adoptive mother
has just died,
and I j... I guess I just thought
I should tell someone,
just in case
maybe it changes something.
Oh, I'm sorry to hear that,
but what were you
hoping to change?
- I don't know, I...
It's just, my... my mother
had been trying to help me
find my birth parents,
and she contacted you guys
several times about, uh,
the release of my records
about my adoption back in 1991.
- 1991.
- Yes.
It was a closed adoption.
- Not at this agency, it wasn't.
- [sighs]
What? You... w... uh...
You mean I can see my records?
- What I mean is that we weren't
facilitating adoptions in 1991.
Our agency didn't open
until 1995.
- That's not... [laughs]
No... no, my mother and I
discussed South Bay Adoption
many times.
She drove me by your offices.
This is... d... I mean, she told me
the story every year.
- I'm sorry, there must have
been some misunderstanding.
[sighs]
Hello?
[phone beeps]
[boats creaking]
[engine humming]
[unsettling music]
♪
[voices whispering indistinctly]
[high-pitched ringing]
[chanting indistinctly]
- Do you remember
I promised you once
that your life would change,
that everything would be better?
- I remember.
- Ah.
That change is coming, my love.
I found her, your daughter.
She's alive.
She's in a place
as dark as this one.
[dramatic music]
♪
I want to see her.
I need to see her.
- Then you need to wake up
and take control.
Use the power
that's rightly yours.
Do you hear me?
Wake up.
- All right.
Open up, now. Don't fuss.
Open.
Deirdre?
Are you okay?
♪
[eerie music]
[voices whispering indistinctly]
♪
[vocalizing]
[seagulls cawing]
[stovetop clicks,
flame whooshes]
- In the meantime, a really calm
and cooler start to the week,
with temperatures
in the lower 70s.
[exciting music playing]
- The charred body
of a 32-year-old woman
was discovered on the outskirts
of Phoenix this morning.
Sources say her hands
and feet were bound
before she was doused
with gasoline and set aflame.
If you have any information
regarding this case,
please contact
your local police department.
Detectives cannot offer any
other information at this...
[keyboard clacking]
[computer beeps]
[line trills]
Hi. It's Rowan.
I, uh...
I just checked the schedule
for today, and I'm not on it.
Can you see
what the... the mistake is?
[sighs]
Oh.
Okay. Yeah.
Yeah, I'll talk to him.
[phone beeps]
[pan sizzling]
Oh, sh...
[birds cawing]
- You know,
after I lost my father,
I'm not ashamed to admit
it took me a couple of weeks
to remember which end
of the scalpel was up.
With all due respect,
I've done six procedures
since Monday,
all positive outcomes.
- Yeah, I looked at those tapes.
On average, your patients
had been under anesthesia
1.3 times longer
than they were in the past.
It's a significant increase.
- That's still faster
than anyone else on the team.
- You're not on your game,
Rowan.
Let yourself take a break.
Please, Dr. Keck.
Just tell me what I need to do
to get back on the rotation.
- [sighs] Two floors up.
Dr. Davis on the psych team.
She gives you the all-clear,
you're back in business.
[suspenseful music]
♪
- I'm just gonna ask you
a few questions.
You can answer as long
or as short as you like.
Ask away.
How are you sleeping?
Good. Pretty good, you know.
And emotionally?
Are you feeling anxious,
volatile?
Any mood swings?
- I'd... I'd have to say no.
[sobbing]
- You lost your mother
two weeks ago.
Yet you haven't missed
a day of work.
- Honestly, um, I'm at my best
when I'm working.
And that's why I'm hoping
you'll let me
get back to it soon.
I'm hoping so too, Rowan.
Tell me, what is it about work
that makes you feel better?
Healing people.
Nothing feels better than that.
I agree.
That's what I like
about being a doctor too.
You've been through
a great deal of trauma,
and there's nothing wrong
with acknowledging that.
I have acknowledged it.
I was at my mother's grave
yesterday, and I cried.
Is that what you want to hear?
That's one way to grieve.
Talking is another.
Tell me about Daniel Lemle.
- Who?
- Daniel Lemle?
It says you were present
when he died.
Why is that in my work file?
Did Keck put that in there?
Tell me what's upsetting you.
What's upsetting me is,
his death
had nothing to do with me.
But you were there.
You witnessed it.
That must have been hard.
I see death every day.
In a hospital, sure.
In a controlled setting,
not unexpectedly when you... ugh!
Are you okay?
Oh, Jesus.
I get these all the time.
Just...
[sighs]
Give me a second.
[pills rattling]
Sorry.
Right.
[clears throat]
I'm just imagining that
even for a seasoned surgeon
like yourself...
[voices whispering indistinctly]
[tense music]
♪
[crows cawing]
Fuck.
[singing indistinctly]
[whispering] Rowan.
♪
[gasps]
[camera shutter snapping]
[breathing shallowly]
♪
[engine turning over]
[panting]
[sobs]
♪
[panting]
Rowan!
[ethereal music]
This way.
Rowan, this way.
Mom! I'm coming!
[grunts]
[eerie music]
[gasps]
Rowan, over here.
Mom! No! Wait!
No! Mom! Don't leave!
[vocalizing]
Where are you going?
Rowan.
♪
Mom.
[birds calling]
I don't know, Samir.
I'm really struggling
with this one.
She needs to know who she is.
- Until we know more about her,
our job is to observe.
- I have observed, and...
she's scared as hell.
She's lost in the woods.
Sip, she killed someone.
- Before the Talamasca found me,
I was ready to kill someone too.
It was like everything
I touched was screaming at me.
My own mother
said I was the devil.
- And her mother spent 30 years
trying to keep her
out of New Orleans.
You tell her who she is now,
she'll be
on the first plane here.
Is that what you want?
- Would it be worse?
- We don't know.
What we do know
is that many women
in that family
have been haunted,
their lives cut short,
and we couldn't...
- Again, that seems like
something she should know,
if only to protect herself.
- She shouldn't
have to protect herself.
That's why you're there.
Right?
[sighs]
Right.
[line beeping]
[unsettling music]
What's happening?
- I think you must be waking up.
Do you remember the hospital?
Electroshock?
You didn't even know your name,
but you found me.
- I used those words,
the ones my mother taught me.
Try to remember them.
Quick, before I'm gone.
[gasps]
Wonderful.
Here you are.
[breathing heavily]
Whoa, whoa.
Sit. Sit.
Don't worry, I have a lawyer
who specializes
in familial situations.
He's supposed to be very good.
Can he get me out of here?
It might take some time.
Maybe a few weeks,
perhaps a month.
I need to think of an excuse
for him to come see you.
- Thank you for your kindness,
Doctor, but... no.
I can't wait that long.
Ticktock, yes?
It's time she retire
for the evening.
- Just administering
the shot now.
[suspenseful music]
[whispering]
You need to be patient.
♪
[rock music playing on radio]
[engine revving]
♪
[indistinct chatter, laughter]
[unsettling music]
♪
[engine revving]
Hey!
Why are you following me?
I'm not a threat.
Who are you?
Are you the guy with the SUV?
My name is Ciprien Grieve.
Is Keck paying you?
No. Who's Keck?
Look, let's go somewhere
where we can talk in private.
I will explain everything.
- Just stay... don't.
- Please.
I'm not gonna hurt you.
- You don't know
what I'm capable of.
- I know more about you
than you think.
- No.
- Please wait!
[gasping]
[voices whispering indistinctly]
[heartbeat thumping]
Come on. Come on.
Come on.
♪
- Thanks for helping, Doc.
You might have saved him.
[suspenseful music]
- Uh...
And up.
Okay.
♪
Sorry, you gotta follow behind.
Hospital policy.
- Okay.
- Yeah.
[camera shutter snaps]
I'll meet you there.
[engine turning over]
[voice whispering indistinctly]
♪
[vocalizing]
[siren wailing]
♪
[inhales deeply]
[breathing shakily]
[tense music]
Sir, wait.
Hey!
Where's the patient?
- The guy from the beach?
- Yeah.
- We tried to admit him, but he
just ripped out his IV and ran.
What?
- Seemed like he was in a hurry
to get somewhere.
[soft dramatic music]
♪
[pensive music]
[unsettling music]
♪
[glass shatters]
[vocalizing]
♪
[P.A. system chimes]
- Ladies and gentlemen,
this is your captain speaking.
We're presently flying
at 35.000 feet on our flight
from San Francisco
to New Orleans.
We're expecting a smooth flight
and anticipate
an on-time arrival
at Louis Armstrong
International Airport.
We hope you enjoy the flight.
[P.A. system chimes]
[vocalizing]
♪
[voices whispering indistinctly]
My love.
- I haven't even left this room,
and I'm already tired.
I will give you strength.
Now rest.
We'll leave in the morning.
What if it's too late?
It won't be.
She's coming to us.
I've been in her dreams...
leading her here.
["Lonely Road"]
You're more beautiful now
than you've ever been.
[haunting music]
- ♪ They forget
about their lives ♪
♪
♪ They forget
about their kids ♪
♪
♪ They feel like no life
[both breathing heavily]
[moaning]
♪
- ♪ It's like a lonely road,
a lonely road ♪
♪
♪ It's like a lonely road,
a lonely road ♪
♪ Ooh, it's like
♪ A lonely road
♪ Lonely road
♪ It's like a lonely road,
a lonely road ♪
[moans]
- ♪ Won't gain no waste
of time ♪
[moans]
[panting]
♪
- You recall when we had
that family of raccoons
living in the walls,
all those...
noisy little babies
Mr. Statler had to put down?
It sounded just like
the sounds I heard
coming from your room
last night.
Mm-hmm.
- Delphine,
where is my raincoat?
Uh, should be by the door.
- Well, I know
where it should be.
[sighs] It's coming up a storm.
Same day as our guild meeting.
The Lord has a plan,
but I sure don't know it.
Here you go.
I do not trust that Dr. Lamb.
His people are from Boston.
When he comes this afternoon,
I want you
to keep your eyes on him.
- Yes, ma'am.
- And fetch Deirdre a sweater.
- Poor thing'll catch a chill.
- Okay.
[door clicks open and shut]
[dark music]
♪
Miss Deirdre?
[soft ethereal music]
♪
Please.
[upbeat percussive music]
♪
[trolley bell clangs]
[indistinct chatter]
♪
- And you remember
Margaret Kirby.
- Absolutely.
- Yes.
- So she worked very hard.
♪
[sighs]
Hi.
Um, Rowan Fielding checking in.
Yes.
Looks like we have you
in room 1003.
Great.
- First time in New Orleans,
Miss Fielding?
Dr. Fielding.
And yes.
- Spirits gravitate to historic
buildings like this one,
and hotels in particular
are vectors for the dead.
Here are your room keys.
- Two of them, just in case.
- Thank you.
Hey, um,
I know this is a little weird
and a long shot,
but, um, do you recognize
this house?
Uh, that house...
rings no bells.
Okay.
Thank you.
- Enjoy your stay...
- Thanks.
Doctor.
Thank you.
[mellow jazz music playing]
[indistinct chatter]
[laughter]
♪
Deirdre?
It can't be!
It's really you!
Uncle Cortland.
- When they told me
you were at the door,
I thought,
"Why, am I dreamin'?"
My God, look at you!
After all these years.
We both got old, didn't we?
It's not right,
the way she kept you like that.
Oh, I should have
never let you go.
I need your help.
- Well, whatever I can do,
I will.
But, uh...
Uh...
where is he?
- After all this time,
I still never know.
Ah.
Well, what matters
is that you're here.
You're here!
So let's get you
cleaned up, hmm?
Come on.
♪ When you see me
♪ Walking around
♪ When you see him
♪ When you see me
♪ Creeping around
- Hey. Hi.
You're a tour guide, right?
- Next one's at 5:00.
We meet at the front desk.
No. Well, maybe.
But I was just wondering,
do you know this place?
Oh, um, that's...
I... I got hers, and I'll have
one for me, please.
Yes.
- Yeah?
- It's the old Mayfair house.
- The May... Mayfair?
It's not on the tour anymore.
Family paid
to have it taken off.
Okay.
What do you know
about... about it?
- Thank you.
- Oh, all kinds of things.
Parties at the turn
of the century
that went on for days,
murders, disappearances, ghosts.
- Ghosts.
- Oh, heck yeah.
There's ghosts everywhere
in New Orleans.
But really, that house
is famous for its witches.
Sorry, what?
- Witches, vampires, demons.
[laughs]
Oh, honey, we make up all kinds
of hooey on these tours.
Folks slop it up with a biscuit.
- Do you think maybe you could,
uh, take a little detour
and point that house out to me?
- Tour leaves at 5:00.
- Great.
- Bye.
- ♪ See me creeping around
♪ When you see him
Oh, there she is.
- Oh, such a pretty thing.
- [chuckles]
- You know, that is
my daughter's old dress.
- When I was a child,
you used to buy me
dresses just like this
every year for my birthday.
Do you remember?
Of course. Of course.
[chuckles]
Someone had to.
Carlotta had you
in those hideous old sacks.
- And every year, no matter
where I hid them,
she would find those dresses
and slice them up
with kitchen shears.
It's almost worse
than never having them at all.
Hmm.
You know, I can't imagine
all you have been through.
- Hmm.
- My daughter's alive.
[dramatic music]
Alive?
Are you sure, now?
Lasher's seen her.
How could this happen?
Carlotta stole her from me,
hid her away.
But she's grown up,
and she's coming here.
- Oh, well, the two of you
will have to stay here.
I'll have rooms prepared.
Thank you.
- Wh... where is she?
He's going to show me.
♪
[breathes deeply]
Mi Daemon, ad me veni.
Mi Daemon, mihi labora.
Mi Daemon, me libera.
[items rattling]
Mi Daemon, ad me veni.
Mi Daemon, mihi labora.
Mi Daemon, me libera.
[shower running]
♪
Mi Daemon, ad me veni.
Mi Daemon, mihi labora.
Mi Daemon, me libera!
Yes. Yes!
[electricity crackling]
♪
[items rattling]
No!
♪
[gasps]
She's already here.
I'll have my driver take you.
[phone buzzing]
- Hello?
- I need to see you right away.
You're alive.
- A little shaken up,
but yeah, I'm alive.
Who are you?
Why do you have
pictures of me on your phone?
My name is Ciprien Grieve.
I work for an organization
called the Talamasca.
Your mother, Ellie,
she reached out to us.
She wanted me to protect you.
- So she knew who I was
but she didn't want me to know?
What... that... why...
Why would she do that?
- She thought
she was helping you.
Please, I... I will
explain everything
once you're somewhere safe.
Why should I believe you?
- 'Cause I know
what you're capable of,
and I can help you control it.
- I... I don't understand
anything that's happening to me.
I haven't for a long time now.
I know the feeling.
The man who taught me
about my gift
told me this story about a man
who had been wandering lost
in the woods.
And one day, he saw
another man who was also lost.
He said, "Let's go together."
Second man said,
"Why should I go with you?"
First man answered,
"Because I can show you
which ways didn't work for me,
"and you can show me
which ways didn't work for you.
Together, we'll find our way."
[inquisitive music]
- I'll be in the lobby of the
Pontchartrain in five minutes.
But you probably
already knew that.
[chuckles]
I'll be there.
♪
[sniffles]
- Not being critical,
but Margaret Kirby
was able... [wind gusts]
Deirdre?
♪
Deirdre.
Deirdre, I don't know
what is happening,
but I am taking you home.
I'm not coming home with you.
Oh, yes, you are.
Who did this to you?
Was it that Dr. Lamb?
Let go of me.
You are not keeping me
from my daughter.
Oh, sweetheart.
[breathing sharply]
Sweetheart.
Your daughter is long dead,
and you are a sick,
sick, sick little bird.
[unsettling music]
- You understand
that if I'm awake now,
so is he.
♪
[voices whispering indistinctly]
[keys rattling]
♪
[elevator bell dings]
["Eternally"]
[vocalizing]
[soft ethereal music]
♪
[breathes deeply]
[elevator bell dings]
♪
[sighs]
[elevator bell dings]
♪
It's you.
♪ Duck
[body thuds]
[gasping]
[screaming]
♪ I long to be
♪ Eternally yours
♪
♪ Just like my mother
♪ Just like my father
♪ It's what feels good to me
♪ What feels good to me
♪
♪ Ooh
Come with me.
We'll go to the house.
You'll be safer there.
[ Gasps ]
What are you gonna do?
Sip:
There is a being.
He might start to visit you.
They call him Lasher.
He's close to me somehow.
I'm sure you'll find a way in.
♪
It's a murder investigation.
God forgive you.
She's a witch.
♪
Lasher: You remember,
I promised you once
that your life would change.
That everything would be better.
I remember.
[Whispers] Yeah.
That change is coming, my love.
So, this episode is called
"The Dark Place,"
and that was really
the phrase that we used
in the writer's room when we
were talking about the space
in Dierdre's mind that she lives
and inhabits with Lasher.
Lasher: I found your daughter.
She's alive.
For 30 years, Dierdre
has been in a stupor,
and, so, her only
real activity has been
to be inside her own mind
in conversation with Lasher.
I need to see her.
Then you need to wake up
and take control.
Use the power
that's readily yours.
♪
Both Dierdre and Rowan
are in this dark place,
and the journey of the episode
is to watch them move
closer and closer to each other.
Are you okay?
♪
[Gasping, groaning]
Esta: Rowan is in this very,
very dark place.
She has done
this monstrous thing.
She has killed this man,
and she's trying to understand
that, and to cope with that.
♪
But she's such a guarded person
that she's never gonna let on
that she isn't fine.
Woman: You've been through
a great deal of trauma,
and there's nothing wrong
with acknowledging that.
I have acknowledged it.
We see that she's
absolutely falling apart.
Fuck.
[Crows cawing]
[Whispers calling] Rowan.
♪
[Cawing intensifies]
Esta: And, of course,
Ciprien sees this.
He is pushing at the Talamasca
to be allowed to tell Rowan
her story.
It seems like something
she should know.
If only to protect herself.
She shouldn't have to
protect herself.
That's why you're there, right?
♪
Esta: Rowan is convinced that
she's being followed
because of what happened
with Lemle.
Her suspicion is that somebody
has a private eye following her
trying to see what she's doing,
what she's done.
Hey!
Why are you following me?
And when Ciprien steps out,
she knows that
she could hurt him.
She knows that
she's not in any danger.
I'm not a threat.
Who are you?
She's not sure how to
control what happens,
but I don't thing she's
afraid for herself.
She's scared of what
she could do to other people.
I will explain everything.
Just stay... Don't...
Please, I'm not gonna hurt you.
You don't know
what I'm capable of.
I know more about you
than you think. Just...
Pease, wait!
♪
[Gasps deeply]
[Cellphone unlocks]
♪
I'll meet you there.
[Door slams shut]
Esta: Who was this person?
Why are these images
on the phone?
She's more confused than ever,
but she also has her first clue.
Ciprien's gone ahead in the
ambulance, so it's like,
I've gotta get back
to him and ask him.
She has to have an answer.
And, of course,
when she gets to the hospital,
he's not there.
♪
You know, I can't imagine
all you have been through.
[Bottles clank]
My daughter's alive.
[Slurps]
Lasher's seen her.
Cortland is very surprised
that Rowan is alive.
How could this happen?
Carlotta stole her from me.
Hid her away.
It really is a mystery
to everyone in the family
that Dierdre's daughter
has survived.
Where is she?
He's going to show me.
I really wanted to have
a moment where we se Dierdre
as a full, powerful
woman and witch.
[Speaking Latin]
♪
Where we get to see what Dierdre
would have been her whole life
if she got to inhabit
her full witchy power.
And now, for the first time,
she does.
She summons Lasher.
She sends him out to find Rowan,
and then she sees
through his eyes
and is able to find
her daughter.
♪
She's already here!
[Breathing heavily]
♪
I was trying to think
how can we have them connect
and then have it all vanish.
And that hallway
and that elevator
felt absolutely perfect
to the moment.
Part of Rowan's journey
into the family
is to understand
who her mother was,
to understand
her mother's death.
And this seemed like an
extraordinarily symbolic
way to do it.
Part the curtain again,
have them meet each other
for a moment,
and then have it all fall apart.
♪
It's you.
[Body thuds]
Ahh!
Rowan: Ahh! Ahhhh!
[Breathing frantically]
>>>>oakislandtk
www.opensubtitles.org